Adds support for tls certs in controller (#713)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/install/installation.md

`Pipelines as Code` provide a CLI which is designed to work as tkn plug-in. To
install the plug-in follow the instruction from the [CLI](/docs/guide/cli)
documentation.

> ## Controller Secure Connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Controller TLS Setup
```

> Pipelines As Code Controller now support both `HTTP` and `HTTPS` connection by adding a secret with tls configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipelines As Code Controller support `HTTP` and `HTTPS`. Usually you configure the TLS directly on the ingress/Route pointing to the controller. If you want to configure the TLS directly on the controller you can do so by following this guide.
```

First, create a secret which includes those certificates

```shell
  kubectl create secret generic -n pipelines-as-code pipelines-as-code-tls-secret \
    --from-file=cert=/path/to/crt/file \
    --from-file=key=/path/to/key/file
```

> Next, restart the `pipelines-as-code-controller` pod in `pipelines-as-code` namespace and controller would use those tls configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, restart the `pipelines-as-code-controller` pod in `pipelines-as-code` namespace and when the controller will be restarted it will use the tls secrets.
```

NOTE:

> - It is required to create the secret with `pipelines-as-code-tls-secret` name and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is required to create the secret named `pipelines-as-code-tls-secret`.
```

- If you have different keys in your secret other than `cert` and `key`

> You will have to update controller deployment argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to update controller deployment argument and subsequently apply this changes on upgrade (for example via [kustomize](https://kustomize.io/) or other methods)
```

Reviewer: maybe we can use env variable too for that ?

Author: yeah env would be better .. easy to add to a deployment

`Pipelines as Code` provide a CLI which is designed to work as tkn plug-in. To
install the plug-in follow the instruction from the [CLI](/docs/guide/cli)
documentation.

## Controller TLS Setup

Pipelines As Code Controller now support both `HTTP` and `HTTPS`. Usually, you configure the TLS directly on the
ingress/Route pointing to the controller. If you want to configure the TLS directly on the controller you can do so
by following this guide.

First, create a secret which includes those certificates

```shell
  kubectl create secret generic -n pipelines-as-code pipelines-as-code-tls-secret \
    --from-file=cert=/path/to/crt/file \
    --from-file=key=/path/to/key/file
```

> Next, restart the `pipelines-as-code-controller` pod in `pipelines-as-code` namespace and when the controller will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now restart the `pipelines-as-code-controller` pod in `pipelines-as-code` namespace and by the time the controller will be
```

restarted it will use the tls secrets.

NOTE:

- It is required to create the secret named `pipelines-as-code-tls-secret`, or you will have to update the secret name in
controller deployment.

> - If you have different keys in your secret other than `cert` and `key`, you will need to update controller deployment envs

Reviewer: i think there is "kubectl set env" command that can do that if you want to add it
